Were successfully storing our authentication status in NZ are X and were able to retrieve it here in
our head or a component for example.
Now we need to be able to dispatch actions so that it can actually change.
Right now we used the office service here to dispatch actions.
Right.
We have or where we change our state we have to sign up and to sign in user actions or Moffats year.
Now I will handle this later because I already informed you that you can't execute a sync code like
this one where we have a promise inside your reducers code.
Well you could but you wouldn't be able to change the state because this has to happen synchronously.
You can't return anything else.
But the final result here.
And you can turn inside a promise then statement for example.
So for now temporarily on Strictly off service and I will use this to well emit new events by using
the then block here on create user with email and password for example.
Now here in the block I went to dispatch the sign up action because if we did sign up we can also turn
the user to authentic hated because firebase will have authenticated to user.
So here we get back the user object but I don't really need to use that but I'll still hand it over
to the function using erro function and now want to dispatch a new action year to afford it.
I of course need to inject to store private store of type store which needs to be imported from NTR
X store and I need to add my own import to the application wide state.
I'll name it from app again from the store app reducers fall because this will be the type of state
we access through to store our application wide store or states to be precise.
I also need to import the actions off related actions here because I want to be able to dispatch them.
So import everything as of actions from the store of actions folder.
Right next to the off service and now I can simply execute this store dispatch new of actions sign up
here.
And I don't need to pass anything to the constructor because we don't have a payload for this action.
I can now actually use this same code here and head over to the then block here.
Once we did sign in here I'll execute this door dispatch knew of actions sign in like this and close
the parentheses.
So does we also dispatch an action now.
Once we did sign in.
Now once you get a token I want to set this.
So here I get rid of this line here I don't want to set the token into service anymore.
Instead here I will simply set this or it will dispatch distort dispatch new off actions.
Hearer's set token and pass the token which we get as a string here so that this gets stored well in
our central state and in log out here.
I don't need to know all the token anymore.
We don't store it in this file so I can simply say this store dispatch knew of actions log out here
which will reset the token and my authentication state in the global state.
With that we can also get rid of gets token and is when they get it because that's both stored in the
off reducer or in your off store can get rid of the token property.
But our app will now be broken I can tell you that because our parts in the application where we use
get token for example when sending HTP requests won't work anymore.
So I'll work on this next and fetched this state from our energy our state there to.